hello YouTube this is my video on how to
pack destiny defense okay first thing
you're gonna need is I fun box this
little icon right here you're gonna want
to go to I fun box calm I'll have a link
for it in the description for ease of
access you're gonna want to download I
already have it so I don't need it again
but you're gonna want to download I fun
box and then the next thing you're gonna
need is this safe data right here you're
gonna want to download I uploaded this
file myself you're gonna want to
download this file here and save it to
your desktop or wherever is most
convenient I have it right here I have
my phone box and I have my phone box
already open so what you're gonna want
to do is you're gonna want to open up by
phone box
we're gonna go into user applications
you can take the long way which it
recommends you go to our system file go
far you go mobile applications destiny
defense documents okay
then open up your WinRAR or the save
data you're gonna have these four here
like so these four
just like these and you're going to want
to take these and copy them over here
just like that it'll replace these ones
it'll already be there
normally it says copy and replace or
something like that but it doesn't on
this application okay I always refresh
just go to them on the iPhone go to
device safety remove I saved you remove
my iPhone I'll go into destiny defense
and now for both angel and devil you'll
have a ton of money